(Third day in LA)
JinSoul: Now, let’s go to the shooting site!
Kim Lip: Fighting!
#NowPlaying ‘LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Starlight’
(Today’s site for shooting is a house in LA!)
(Kim Lip shooting individual photos!)
(Meanwhile, Choerry and JinSoul mimicking a cat!)
JinSoul: I can mimic Doraemon!
JinSoul: Bamboo helicopter~
JinSoul: I think it’s quite similar!
JInSoul: It’s your time, Choerry! Hurry up!
Choerry: I can mimic...
Choerry: Maengu of “Crayon Shin Chan”
Choerry: Let’s do rock paper scissors!
JinSoul: Okay, have fun doing rock paper scissors~
JInSoul: Try another thing!
Choerry: What should I do?
Choerry: How about this? The face of HyunJin!
(She's singing HyunJin's '다녀가요(Around You)')
(Oh, it’s similar…)
Choerry: Like this!
Choerry: Oh, he is imitating it too!